[Music]
so our friend Roberto somehow got two
parking tickets one using his aunt's car
she's in Mexico right now she's there
for two weeks and she gets back tomorrow
morning at 9:00 a.m. sharp she's going
to be pitched as I don't paid a parking
ticket so we're at least going to try
two houses dance parking tickets we're
going to start off with a lemonade stand
right in front of the lemonade
restaurant ladies and gentlemen we have
the first gluten-free lemonade stand
I know you gotta be thirsty here's what
I'll pay our parking tickets for my
friends of those lemon burn now would
you like some free lemonade yeah well
then would you like some free lemonade
okay thanks
okay make sense it's gluten-free organic
payoff is parking ticket no sorry I
thought it was you just part of it
donation so what if you got a dollar too
or 420 boom thank you
okay on that part oh yes please let me
make you something
oh yeah guys fire huh six dollars total
hahaha psych
that's the wrong number okay really
broke my heart oh he put that hundred in
my face yeah
[Music]
sir would you like some lemonade with
our coffee
oh you darlin I think by the law of
probability
someone's got no 20 in handy oh my god
zoom in on that
would you like to eliminate to pay off a
party stick I just you're the best er
thank you so much oh my god man we've
met I know they're so don't wanna hurt
your if you have a ticket I think I
think picture
Oh
[Music]
we go they give you some boxer boy
nobody here that we do on YouTube
oh yeah the last episode we'll never
make we're going to start a lemonade
stand
so step one is done
lemon east and west way better than
expected now we're going to go step
number two I'm raising buddy
low I'm excited right
see what we got boys oh my god that's a
lot better bag didn't think we'd make
like 20 bucks okay really
I was very optimistic about this end a
I got 1846 going up sixteen fourteen
nineteen twenty one day you made a
hundred dollars
175 wait a hundred what 175 no that
means we need like sixteen dollars to
pay a hundred on 175 - it's gonna be
$100 - $15 for what we used to make the
lemonade we're short 20 dollars but I
have an idea first offender we're trying
to help raise money for our friends
parking ticket so type 2 grand Polaroid
out take credit for Florida
we're trying to sell photos but it's
just an active location again we're
trying to raise money for a friend
you take it to the hospital get gorilla
community to
[Music]
cousins are right now hear this you guys
have to take your poll are you a you
have to help
[Applause]
Wow guys one of P Polaroid that will
look beautiful - sunshine everything
Thanks to find it works creatively a
great series is you guys are
awesome actually we are 20 bucks away
oh my court I mean I want some unicorn
[Music]
you guys you get paid about you too bad
okay here you once we took one picture
some punishment people started following
like once there is once it starts Spurs
and it catches attention thank you world
Tory's the last one you guys remember
that the Winston house from our party
episode we're ganna story the founder of
the Winston house for sure take a photo
with us he's gonna give us the final
five bucks all right one sec that's the
last one
the last operation of the day here we go
[Music]
all right thigh wraps it up we have just
raised one hundred twenty six dollars in
a day doing - somewhere ridiculous but
opportunistic things that ended up
working out we're glad to release
herberto from his handcuffs that is that
we have to say no right I'll come here
give an inspirational speech
sometime it's people like they're going
to tell you things are
they're going to tell you not to do it
they're going to tell you why the hell
would you put a unicorn suit on and they
say money doesn't grow on trees and you
know I say it does money grows in the
trees in my mind yeah
it's the og of entrepreneurship it came
before fur trapping what if this is to
the people who give you the parking
ticket I want to talk about that
[Music]